well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're gonna talk about that
mess in dc that was pretty entertaining
from my standpoint um
hang on one second while i uh tweet out
the link and everything
so
let's see
thank you social rose wow a lot of
people showing up real quick something
must have happened today
not sure what
okay so yeah that was wild
that was that was that was something
else
um at uh
at the end of the day yeah i'm gonna say
that that was in fact a coup attempt
and it failed um
the the reality is that
the logistics behind it weren't there um
in some ways i think that this was good
on some levels
it lets those who are true believers
in the trump theories that and the
theories that surround him
realize that the military is not there
to back them up
that that is not something that's true
and i think it may actually serve to
decrease
violence later which that's a win um
you know there there are a whole bunch
of questions about what happened
the you know the main one being you know
why weren't why why did it even get that
far why weren't we prepared for that
and the simple answer to that is that
not to put too fine a point on it nobody
expected white folk to do that
i mean realistically they didn't think
it was a possibility there is the
concept of perceived capability
and actual capability
installations like that buildings like
that
have a high degree of perceived
capability
but the the actual capability really
isn't always that
high this is true of large buildings
like that
this is true of military installations
it's just realistically that's not
um
that's buildings don't have the ability
to secure themselves
against large groups like that and to be
honest
as much as people want that and they
want to feel safe like that
you really don't want to live in that
kind of society because
to maintain security of that level
means that well you don't have uh
you don't have a free society it's very
hard to secure a building like that that
is supposed to be
part of our popular like
something that we should be able to
access okay let me hit some questions
real quick i know it's uh
but are we supposed to be working during
a goo
i mean i would this this was an utter
failure
it's typical of what's going on
with with this crowd um it didn't have
the backup it needed
but it shows them that they don't have
the backup they needed
my dad a former air force member called
this fun
yeah i have to apologize to those on
twitter about halfway through
my live tweeting on this i slipped into
slang and nobody knew what i was talking
about
[Music]
they were let in it wasn't a breach what
do you
think of them what should be done i
don't know that they were let in
it looks like they fell back to try to
hold at a different point
where there were more people which makes
sense at times it didn't make sense here
i think that there were a lot of
security failures i think they're going
to have to bring somebody in from the
outside because it is very clear
that they don't know what they're doing
as far as keeping that place secure
um
but i would suggest this was a breach
they were security was definitely
breached
whether or not it was intentional or not
on the part of some elements of the
security staff
that's something that's up for debate i
i don't think that's the case though
thank you eternity remember thank god
that none of them
are in any way strategically minded yes
still an embarrassment on the world
stage absolutely
this wasn't this wasn't well thought out
even if they had managed to take and
hold the building
it wouldn't have accomplished anything
so
there's there's definitely that
um i'm sorry there are questions just
flooding in and i'm trying to get to get
to a point where i can uh
hold them and just keep going with them
uh let's see i love what you do man you
are one of the voices helped
change my thinking over the past few
years you can simply summarize
thank you thank you michael giza
this situation exemplifies white
privilege in a lot of ways it does
there's no way that would have gone down
like that
had it been a different group of people
involved
the response would have been much more
immediate and much more forceful
um i am sorry if i lose some of your
questions here
it's they're just pouring in so fast i
can't even get to them
uh thank you megan johnson thank you
matt rainwater
if this isn't ground for 25th amendment
i don't know what is
um there are some questions about how
pence was actually able to authorize
some of the stuff that happened
um we don't know they need consequences
i'm sh
i hope they get them i think they might
i know there's a lot of talk about them
letting them just leave just remember dc
is one of the most
videotaped areas on the planet and a lot
of these people were live streaming
their names and what city they were from
while expressing their intent do you
think blm or and
protesters would have gotten the same
treatment absolutely not no they
wouldn't have
um they would have been dealt with in a
much more forceful manner
bananas that's what this is yeah it is
well as terrible as this has been to
watch the subsequent memes have been
yeah there's going to be a lot of good
humor that comes out of this
thank you julie crabble uh thank you
michael carraway romney called this what
it is insurrection
yeah it was it was it was an attempt
and those representatives objecting
electors are complicit
uh morally yes i don't know if that's
true legally
but morally i definitely believe that
thank you kurt bells thank you
dylan hey bo do you think there's enough
time to impeach trump again
i don't not not really um
should we be worried about the cops
always but not because of today's
actions i don't
uh thank you rs
thank you mike taylor thank you blue boy
lies and consequences of the gop yeah
man uh thank you farce cry or
soldier hero how much do you want to bet
that the authorities are going to be
having to search each building indeed
yeah oh yeah they're going to have to
they are going to have to top to bottom
every one of those things
um there's going to have to be a
counterintelligence thing as well as an
eod thing
thank you nickelodeon
watching the olympia stream no wonder
trump saw a wall would work
thank you jesse padilla thank you bjorn
bergen uh thank you christina mccracken
will this change anything at rest yes i
think there will be follow-up arrests
there's a lot of videotape and there's a
lot of people on live streams expressing
their intent for revolution or to stop
the count
that's what they need um thank you
michael giza
turn slow mo on i wish i knew how to do
that
um thank you julie pemberton
does the woman who was shot and now died
change anything about your message
[Music]
i've said as this has gone on
that there's likelihood of sporadic
violence
and that's what that is i know that in
on many levels this seems like it was a
major event
comparatively to what could have
happened it's not um i know
it that doesn't change the tragedy of
the death or
what may be a death but
isn't it a propaganda victory for the
right that they demonstrated they can do
things like this with impunity
i don't think that's the way it's going
to play out at the end of the day
i do not believe this was a victory for
them at all
i think by the time it's all said and
done there's going to be a lot of
consequences for a lot of people
is it okay to be scared absolutely
always
look fear it keeps you alive
i i don't i don't believe that's one of
those things that
there's a lot of macho stuff about not
being scared i can tell you i've been in
a lot of crazy situations i've been
scared in a lot of people
the the the secret is working through it
uh nick taylor what can be done to make
sure
there are consequences for the people
involved i'm tired of seeing them get
away with it
i think this time there will be um
the actions they did were on federal
land
and they were pretty significant
thank you sean h thank you pam panagi
thank you manamana is this because
people are uninformed
or stupidity bloodlust it's all of those
it's all of those in the united states
there were a whole bunch of people there
today who believed
that once that happened and once they
were inside they were going to be backed
up by the military
um i think it's good
that they now realize that isn't the
case do i think this will break the gop
maybe uh it may cause a fracture what
about the cops taking selfies with them
uh that's gonna end up there i think
they're gonna be a lot of consequences
that we can't really speculate on right
now
thank you edoy thank you coach
mbs
thank you danny valadez
do you think they'll try again on 120 or
before
maybe on the inauguration i don't
believe they'll try before because that
would require real logistics that they
clearly don't have
um not for something of that scale and
i'm not trying to suggest that people
underestimate them
they are dangerous but for what they're
hoping to accomplish
they don't have it um thank you natasha
thank you level head bo what do you
think about the people already turning
around and blaming
people yeah i've seen that that it
wasn't really the right wing
it was it was those leftists dressed up
like no
that's not real that's just uh
propaganda put out to
downplay their involvement and now that
it wasn't backed
up it helps reinforce the the theory
that oh there's the military is still on
our side
that wasn't really us doing that they're
going to know it's not true
thank you mary ann thank you
coach nbs thank you
keith davies yeah that's exactly what it
is thank you
for me too early to see anything funny
about this feel scared upset and alone
yeah i mean it is scary because it was
an attempt
but what i think that most people can
take solace in
is the fact that it went nowhere and it
went nowhere fast
um the even with the roadblocks that may
have been thrown up
it does appear that the
uh it does appear that there
may have been some interference from
parts of the executive
as far as in the response even with that
it was overcome very quickly
i do want to say because i'm missing a
whole bunch of stuff when this is over
tonight i will go through
if i miss a question i may go through
and answer all of these again in a
twitter
or in a q a type video like i do on the
ones for twitter
um thank you jamie flowers
i believe the idiots were posting pics
of themselves on twitter we'll
definitely be arrested
yeah um i think the leadership will
this finalist is not over yet we have 14
days to go i i think there will be more
but i think it will be of the same
intensity
which i know for right now people just
seeing this
that this seems like a lot in comparison
to what really could be done
it's not and we need to keep that in
mind one of the things that has
surprised me and somebody asked me about
this last night as you know do
do i feel like our systems
didn't hold up no i actually think they
did
the the infrastructure the resiliency of
the american system actually proved
itself during this
because there was a direct and a direct
attack on it
and it was stood it it didn't
you know completely win all of the time
but at the end of the day it withstood
it which is
surprising subverting democracies are
very easy in free societies
those who want to undermine it have a
lot of leeway
they have a lot of operational latitude
that they can use to exploit
the system even with that
and having people sympathetic in
positions of power they weren't really
able to get that far
um the attempt was made and i we can't
downplay that we can't forget that
we have to work to make sure that this
ideology
is countered but
i don't think people should be living in
fear of a coup right now
it seems incredibly unlikely if it was
gonna happen it would have happened
today
um we know we've talked about it before
in the channel
the president does not have the support
of the military that popular opinion
seems to think that he has
he doesn't have the loyal troops to back
up the
the goon squad that could take a
building
but even if that had been successful
let's say they took the building
they held it and they had a a battalion
of of troops show up to help them
that's nothing because they didn't
capture command and control
the government got out the lawmakers got
out they just set up in a different
building
the reason it seems like a big deal is
because it's symbolic
it's the capitol building it's the seat
of government at the end of the day it's
just a building
it's like them seizing a walmart they
shouldn't have been able to do it
but i mean they did now what militarily
speaking it's not a big deal
it's just a building we have an
emotional attachment to it and that's
why a lot of groups like this
choose symbolic targets
again if you're just joining us we're
kind of hot washing what happened today
and there are a lot of questions coming
in anything i miss i'm going to go back
through the live chat later and answer
any questions
in a normal video um
any thoughts on trump's issuing a pardon
for today's encroachers to help the
nation healing get past this
he might try he might try
um but i would suggest that
this was planned in various states most
of these people are not residents of dc
and the planning is probably in
violation of state laws
so i think it would probably be
pointless on some levels thank you
stephanie beam
thank you oak cosmos man
what do you think the most important
thing we the people should work towards
to prevent this happening in the future
and work against voter suppression um
yeah working against voter suppression
and understanding that authoritarianism
of all sorts is wrong it's bad this is
where it inevitably leads because people
try to out
authoritarian each other um
there's a lot of rhetoric mostly
mostly from the right that has to be
countered and has to be
talked down if you are somebody who is
into electoral politics
if you consider yourself a democrat you
the most important thing you can do
right now is start painting yourself
as a patriot um and taking that away
from them because right now
a whole lot of people who believed they
were supporting the constitution
were actively attempting to subvert it
because they
they didn't understand the rhetoric the
the propaganda that was being foisted
upon them
and or maybe they did understand it they
went along with it
either way reclaiming the idea
that it is liberals american liberal
democracy
is really i think that's that's your
most important thing
is undermining the rights monopoly on
the idea that they're the only patriots
out there
um okay
they seized a building with people in it
that does make it different yeah
um that's part of why i don't think this
is gonna go unanswered
had they done this in the middle of the
night when nobody was there
that's different they made the vice
president evacuate
there's gonna be repercussions um
and it's it's good that it's good that
that
they were able to get him out of there
before it went wrong um
yes okay so as far as thin blue line
patriots and cops and all of that that
was something that
started happening last night all of a
sudden
the the people who have been saying back
the blue they no longer care because
they have
started to realize that as much as they
believe
the authoritarian state the
the enforcement class of the u.s is on
their side
they've started realizing they're not
they're there to protect the
institutions
the institutions of power they're there
to protect the upper class they don't
care
about working-class americans simply
because they call themselves republicans
that's not what the institution is there
for um
do you think charges should be withheld
until trump loses his ability to pardon
any of these video
individuals it doesn't matter he could
preemptively pardon them
but i don't think it's going to matter
because there are state charges
and it also when pardons like that occur
it it occurs for a specific time period
i assure you that these people are not
bright enough to understand
that they have to stop once
like if you're pardoned for stuff you
did through the 19th and on the 20th you
continue the conspiracy that pardon
doesn't matter anymore
um and with most of them i think that's
what would happen
what do you think the ultimate outcome
of this prosecutions yes
impeachment no um i don't i don't think
that there's time or that it
is really going to matter at the end of
the day um
i mean i could be wrong about that they
could try to push something through
quickly
yes they're posting pictures of the
jamie flowers yes they were posting
pictures of themselves
saying who they were not a lot of
operational security going on today
i'm anxious for you and all americans
working to move the country forward
we're getting a lot of support from
canada by the way
um thank you
triple happy nesos thank you sean h
thank you x-a-d-a-h-g-a
i'm not even trying to pronounce it
thank you jason horner
do you think mcconnell was in any way
sincere in his speech
i don't believe that many politicians
are sincere ever
um i do believe that
he does not want a openly fascist
government
and understand that as much as that word
gets thrown around
it's incredibly appropriate right now if
a a trump-backed or supporters of trump
were able to actually seize control of
the government that is the type of
government that would be installed
make no mistake about it um it's a very
real threat
and that's something that that we need
to acknowledge
because we have to root out that
authoritarianism that's going to be
incredibly important
that is why when it comes to
biden if he engages in any authoritarian
behavior of any sort we have to call him
on
because this isn't a matter of
left versus right at this point this is
up versus down
on the other axis of the political
spectrum there's authoritarianism
and then there's those who want to free
our society
right now it is incredibly important to
support the freer society aspects of
things
we have to walk back a lot of the damage
that has been done
and while some of it is just right wing
conservativism
a lot of it is authoritarianism
did you discuss the definition of
sedition with criminal liability
associated with it i haven't
um there are definitely things that
occurred today
that in my opinion not being a lawyer
but being pretty familiar with the
statutes
with sedition um i would actually
suggest because of the elements that you
need for sedition
i think that there were some tweets
made by a pretty powerful person
that i believe would have qualified uh
i'm not sure if he's going to be held to
account to those
but under the elements of the offense
most of the stuff that people have been
calling sedition lately isn't simply
because it wasn't designed to
immediately incite something
there were tweets that went out today
that were designed to immediately
incite something
let's see thank you del cheese or
have you seen the photos of the with
guns and zip ties on the senate floor
yeah yeah um
okay and just so if you're coming in now
just so you know i am
the questions are pouring in too fast
for me to answer i'm going to go back
through them and
do a q a release it as a normal video
later
so if i miss yours i will i will come
back to it
it may take a day or two though
can you uh thank you alberto um
can you tell me about what you think of
why are they making all of this mess
especially if it's doomed to fail
i don't think they understand that it's
doomed to fail i don't
there are a lot of people who believe
theories or at least think these
theories are possible who have thrown
their support behind things
and do not understand that this was
doomed to fail
i am sure that some of them believed
today was a success
even after this at the end of the day
when you were talking about the ultimate
goal of this being to seize power in the
united states
this was nothing this was nothing they
took a building
they held it for a little bit that's it
uh there there's not a lot of uh
not a lot of effectiveness in what they
did today they made a symbolic statement
um and people
people were hurt in that process um
and i think there's going to be a lot of
there's going to be a lot of
people that have to answer for that um
how do you think all of this is going to
affect the world's outlook on u.s
foreign policy
i do believe that we're going to have
repercussions from it
it depends a lot on how it gets handled
if there is accountability and
the threat of more activity like this
happening in the future is lessened i
don't think it's going to have a huge
impact however if it goes unanswered
then people won't be able to trust the
united states
because the institutions may not be
there because at any moment
people could just storm the building
thank you endless death thank you craig
do you i think that giuliani's called
today to settle the election by
trial by combat i didn't see that
um opens him up to legal action i don't
know
um i haven't actually seen this but
there's a lot of things that have been
said that depending on how
the new attorney general proceeds there
are a lot of people that are open to
legal action
up to and including people associated
with or maybe sitting in the oval office
thank you paul thank you princess
sparkle of the resistance
i was happy for a couple hours this
morning it was nice now i'm rage crying
again
we knew that a that there was going to
be sporadic violence
this is it we knew it was going to
happen
um yeah it's
it's unnerving but
it was handled pretty quickly
it looks like the woman that shot was
shot
has passed away um
well okay
well that's that is
tragic um
biden say move forward not look back i
have no idea i really hope not
because if he does that we will be
looking back in about four years
we're going to see all this again there
there has to be
there has to be accountability for a lot
of the stuff that's happened
you know this morning things started off
pretty
pretty good you know we got the news
about the georgia races
and all of that and that put a lot of
people in
in the frame of mind that we're moving
forward and then something like this
happens
we we didn't get to this point overnight
we're not going to get out of it
overnight it's going to be a long
haul somebody just
said that trump's twitter was suspended
i'm sorry i just saw that flash by
i would love confirmation of that
because that would be funny
um we didn't get to this point overnight
we're not going to get out of it
overnight and i do think that
we uh we need to remember that that
whole idea that that meme
brunch isn't cancelled it's going to
take a long time to walk back the
authoritarianism that has taken root in
this country
and it's going to take everybody
why do you think no tear gas was used
um there's an optics issue
because of where it was
partially and partially because it was
mainly white folk
i mean i would imagine that most people
watching this channel know that
the responses from law enforcement are
different however all of that got
heightened
because of the the optics imagine seeing
that on the capital steps
it produces an image that would haunt
the united states forever
um so i think they kind of just they
didn't know what to do from a pr
standpoint not saying that that's right
i'm saying that that's explaining the
action
okay so somebody just said that his
account wasn't suspended but multiple
tweets were deleted
that may be him trying to lessen his
liability later
dad is already saying that it was
undercover leftist people
uh no it wasn't it wasn't that's
that's we'll find that out as they get
charged
um
thanks for being a voice of reason so
sick and living and
yeah right
i i know for a lot of people especially
if you were following me on twitter and
you saw
myself or other former contractors other
military
talking about this there was a lot of
gallows humor involved in this and it's
because partially a lot of us were
looking at it is like wow this is
this is like laurel and hardy at the
okay corral this isn't a thing
and then there's also the aspect of
had they stayed the responses
from the government
[Music]
once they were enacted they would have
been vicious
um and so i think part of us
we're just trying to prepare ourselves
for it because
the most likely outcomes were either a
slow and deliberate retake
which is like what you see in prisons
after a prison riot
where they walk in in the suits and
everything like that
probably led by a hostage rescue team
like a swat team moving very slowly
hoping to force people out the other
side
where they would be kettled and arrested
that's your best case scenario
another option if they encountered
resistance during that would have been a
dynamic entry
and then people leaving would have been
leaving in bags
i think there were a lot of us who were
making jokes about it to be honest
because we're just like there are only
so many options available
when you have to retake a building
and they could not allow the capital to
be held for too long
it couldn't it couldn't have lasted
overnight and there were
unconfirmed reports of certain units
being moved
um that had they been deployed
it would have been an action movie you
would have been you would have seen
movies made and remade about it
for years and
that's
that type of action is still a risk in
the united states it's something that
could happen
if trump does not calm down his
supporters
because at this point it's his rhetoric
it's the rhetoric of those in congress
who are inflaming these people a lot of
them
are not
they do not where they're at and what's
happening
they look at it as the president says
it's okay so they do it
there's a video where after a woman got
amazed
and she appears surprised that she got
maced
trying to force her way into the capital
bill
there there's a there's a logical
disconnect
that that is happening among a certain
subset of his supporters
and it is dangerous and the only people
that can really walk it back
are huge reality checks like the
military not showing up to help
or those who are
within trump's immediate orbit and with
trump's blessing
and it will continue trumpism
will survive trump it will survive his
time in office
realistically mcconnell has won his
power struggle
with trump that's over mcconnell is
going to be the king maker within the
republican party
but at the same time there are still
going to be elements who are loyal to
trump
trump ism will survive
okay excuse for the alice humor yeah the
mace video
was yeah i mean it it wasn't funny but
at the same time you're like i mean play
stupid games win stupid prizes
uh i don't know what you expected to
happen
chris from alabama i need a shirt
um okay so we have the teespring store
if you're talking about
one of the other ones i don't know send
me a dm on twitter or something and i'll
i'll
try to help you out um will the actions
of today fracture the gop
that's possible um i don't know how much
i definitely think the division is going
to be caused
because there's some people that are
going to want to not back down from the
rhetoric that incited this
because it's good for social media which
they think is translating into votes
they haven't really understood yet that
your most vocal supporters are not
always
representative of the whole um
these people need to be labeled as
domestic terrorists
so terrorism defined that the best
definition that's out there
is the use of violence or or
yeah the use of violence or the threat
of violence to influence those beyond
the immediate area of attack to achieve
a political religious ideological or
monetary goal
was today terrorism yeah yeah i mean
yeah textbook the the goal was not
simply to take the building the goal was
to influence policy
policy that would have affected the
entire country
for those who were operating under that
intent yes
as far as the textbook theoretical
definition
as far as the legal definition that's
going to be applied
i don't know i don't know i don't think
they're going to want to use that word
to be honest um simply because of
where the where the ideas came from
and following that back would be
problematic for prosecutors so they
would probably stick to
more
charges that don't carry that same
terminology and that same amount of
emotion but carry the same kind of
sentence
i like to consider you as a political
palette cleanser
thank you thank you liam um
thank you aka rook
five four five get it the 25th amendment
isn't hasn't been invoked
can after he leaves office yes trump can
be
charged um
thank you amy lane
i'm sorry what about those who are
saying people
breaking into the capitol were not trump
supporters even the rep senator
that's going to be proven to be false
once they're once the arrests become
public we're going to be able to see
their social media we're going to see
who they are
all of that stuff it's it's a they're
trying to throw out a theory
to get the the trail off of them i do
not believe that's going to work and i
do believe there's going to be more
arrests to follow
thank you josh brown matthew dunhams
just says sedition yeah there were
activities today that
definitely in my non-lawyer opinion
qualify as sedition
right riley the dog yes i'm not going to
comment on that simply because
of but you're correct the the id
this doesn't end when when when he does
it's an ideology now it goes beyond
just trump himself
between the things he said and what
giuliani said
i think you could seduce his conspiracy
probably
um i actually think there's a strong
case for that on a lot of things
twitter has announced that trump's
account has been locked for 12 hours
and warned that future violations will
result in permanent suspension
um so i'm going to just toss out
something that
a lot of people are talking about right
now the uh
it's been said that pence was the one
who ordered the national guard
out that should have been the president
um i i'm very curious to see how that
played out
it's very possible that the joint chiefs
were just like yeah this needs to be
done
whatever we'll deal with the fallout
from it later
but there there's uh there's an
unanswered question
right now as to where trump is sitting
and everything
um
okay and if you're just tuning in just
so you know i'm missing tons of
questions because of the speed they're
coming in i'm going to try to uh
gonna do a video later that will will
try to answer all of them
uh when i have time to go back through
it
honeybee do you have a po box or
something your stream mic triggers
migraines for me
oh no um i will look at i thought this
one was doing well i've gone through
like five headsets trying to find one
that works most of it has to do with
how far out in the country i am
do you think there will be enough push
to have him impeached
i don't know that it's going to matter i
i think that
by the time that would play out there
would be he would be out of office
and there would be criminal direct
criminal application of some of the
stuff
involved um will he get away with it
like always i don't i think that there's
going to be
um i think there's going to be a
reckoning for trump
um in in the courts
thousand six hundred and fifty people
watching
wow i wish you hadn't told me that now
i'm all nervous
um
[Laughter]
this is why i don't look at the numbers
okay
once they see what the democrats want
and now can
do for them the country trump prison
will
begin a slow but permanent decline
i would love to believe that it depends
on whether or not the democrats
what they focus on if the democrats
carry out the culture war
and frame things in that way i don't
know that that's going to be true
if they focus on their platform and
their core issues
then yeah that's a complete possibility
because trump failed at everything
so it it's not going to take a lot for
democrats to appear
to be the party of the working class and
and to make that
something that sticks especially if they
wrap it in the flag
and i am somebody who opposes all kinds
of nationalism
but at this point strategically
the flag's already out there everywhere
it might be important to
to use it to bring it back to a less
authoritarian state
um thank you fox
the 25th amendment was brought up said
the news that's the rumor
that's the theory there are a whole lot
of people who are wondering about how
pence ordered something involving the
military
and again it could have just been it
could have been a back channel
um the our systems when it comes to the
military are very resilient
and even if we've talked about it the
secretary of defense and all of the
shuffling that he did
those were all civilians they really
don't control anything
it's there as part of the tradition of
civilian control of the military
but it's the joint chief so they can
actually make a call
and trump never really had their support
if pence even just kind of off the
record called and said hey
they really need the national guard it
wouldn't surprise me
if the joint chiefs were like yeah go
ahead and send them out without
presidential authorization at this point
um
i and yeah they may get yelled at
if that's how it shook out but it's not
going to matter
um so
let's see thank you richard thank you
kenneth mathis
yeah okay that's a question that keeps
coming up it is completely fair
to compare the the the government's
response
to the black lives matter movement
and what happened today and show the the
disparity
in the force that was used part of it
can be attributed to the location you
don't want a bunch of force used
literally inside the capital but that's
not the whole story
had this been a bunch of black lives
matter
activists that did this oh yeah there
would have been a whole lot more force
used
um i don't think that anybody would
honestly say otherwise
um i and and i know that that's a debate
and people are saying no
it's just because of the optics i do not
believe that i do not believe
just i don't believe that the restraint
was solely because it was at the capitol
i think that that played into it but i
don't even know that i would say that
was most of it
do you think alabama suppress the vote
yeah
um most southern states still
engage in voter suppression um
a lot of it's built in some of it just
hasn't been fixed yet
some of it is an ongoing attempt um
but yeah that's definitely still a thing
let's see 6 46 p.m capitol police just
sent
another lockdown notice all
all eyes keeping six from canada y'all
gonna age just a hundred years here you
have to tell us about it
disappointed it wasn't really him they
got suspended
what are so many cops racist fascists
it's it's more the authoritarianism
um there know that's not even true
the authoritarianism plays a lot into it
and then
i i think that some of it is due to
systemic issues
and the way they're directed to police
then it breeds racism um
and again not a defense just an
explanation of
of how it occurs and then it becomes
institutionalized
and then you have people who don't who
don't
attempt to break it and those who do
often lose their jobs they're not backed
up by the union and they find some way
to get rid of them
there is an institutional a systemic
issue
with race in the police departments
i have dealt with dc police
and uh capitol police because it's
actually different
um numerous times during protests and
all kinds of stuff
they are generally pretty restrained
um under normal circumstances
i don't know that if any of the the
events that i had been at behaved like
this i don't think they would have had
this tame of a response
um and i have i i do think that
that race plays a lot into this but
there is also the optics
how much you want to apply and attribute
to each reason
that's up for debate i personally think
the optics at most was
25 percent they didn't want that to
happen in the capital because it would
be bad footage
um
okay the op 4 president right
um for those who don't know op4 is
opposition force
petitioned to name this the capitol hill
push
yeah we do need to come up with a name
of this
let's see thank you
worst case scenario what could happen
how could things escalate
um i don't know that i'm picturing a lot
of escalation
there might be you know i don't
i have to remember this is an open i
don't want to give anybody ideas
um there are a couple of things that
that that
people might consider but i don't want
to put them out there as good ideas
um i don't foresee
anything happening until the
inauguration i i think if there's going
to be
any type of event it would occur then
but given
the events of today and the security
surrounding that i don't know that any
of it's going to be likely
again i definitely believe there could
still be sporadic violence
i don't see anything major happening and
i don't believe
after today the leadership of the the
trump supporting movement believes they
they have the military support
anymore um
which should be a i mean that's a big
deal
uh i would hope that that would calm
people down
how ugly do you think it will get i'm
retired but my cammy's still fit
i don't think it's going to be that bad
um by sporadic
i i mean a couple of incidents i don't
foresee anything protracted occurring
they do not have the support
sorry though sorry bo can you please not
mumble the questions under your breath
i can't scroll fast enough to find the
one you're wrong right
um yeah i'm sorry i do that a lot
i will try to do try to do better
it might have been as bad attempt at the
reichstag fire yeah
there are
there are a lot of ways this could have
been worse um
but at the end of the day
as much as there there was a tragedy and
as scary as what we saw
was on on some level
in comparison to what it actually takes
to accomplish what they set out to do
what they apparently intended to do
they weren't even close and this is why
when people were talking about it
i made those videos saying you really
don't know what you're asking for
most people don't to a lot of people
this was
this was major but when you're talking
about something like this going full
scale this would not this would just be
tuesday morning it wouldn't even be a
thing that makes the news
and that's why it is so important that
we walk back from the authoritarian push
that we've been on
how much of a cyber security of risk do
i think today was
huge counterintelligence people are
going to have their hands full for a
long time trying to deal with this
because there are machines there that
are
theoretically secured and nobody knows
if they were compromised
um
let's see okay another question about
police just letting them in
i'm not sure that's what occurred there
is
and i've seen it before in other events
i was at in dc
where the police back up to another line
it appears like they were going to try
to do that
and then lost control
and then didn't know how to respond
generally
the perceived capability of capitol hill
security has kept people at bay
the actual capability isn't that high as
demonstrated
um a lot of security relies on
deterrence
and when you get a group of people that
is
engaging in mass group think and not
really considering
the repercussions of what's happening
they can overcome pretty much any
security
and to create a situation to create an
institution or a building that is secure
enough
to withstand something like what
happened today
we wouldn't have a free society
it's a danger of living in one how do
you think this will affect his
2024 possible return i think he's done
as far as legitimacy
i think he's done um i think but i think
that happened before today i think this
was just the final
the the final straw for the camel
um
do i think this event will have an
effect on the ceremony that was in
progress
i would hope that they do they stop the
challenges to the doctoral votes
i would hope they understand what
they're doing and what they're feeding
into
we have to remember that a lot of those
in dc
are very insulated they do not
understand
the way the average person is thinking
and to them a lot of it is just rhetoric
it doesn't mean anything
it means something when it's kicking in
your door all of a sudden they may take
this more seriously
do you believe that the newly elected
officials the biden administration will
make it a priority to address the
negative effects of trump's rhetoric
i sure hope so that needs to be uh
top of the list of things to
consistently do throughout the four
years
do you think some senators and rep
should not be seated
um personal opinion yeah
yeah i think there are a number of
people
who should no longer be in public office
and again it's not even just today today
was the culmination
that we saw coming i i know that
seeing it was was surprising
but i i i think that intellectually
most people knew that something like
this was
at least possible even if they didn't
believe it was coming
um
they are supposedly reconvening at 8 p.m
both senate and house separately
that would make sense to do it in that
manner
there are tunnels all over the capitol
that they can move between securely and
they're probably going to be using those
um
that would at least i hope so i mean
they exist it would be you know and this
would be the time to use them
so okay
are we entirely sure this isn't just a
movie no not anymore
um
okay i don't think they intended much
they are disorganized and confused
i know that people want to uh
that's going to be one of those things
that gets set a lot
is that well this isn't really what they
meant no when you look at those live
streams
they took it to start a revolution
that's that's what they say
um i know from the outside
it looks like this disjointed group of
of people who believe different theories
and the only thing they really rely on
is their belief in trump that's enough
that's enough while i am mocking
the logistical capabilities that they
have to achieve their goal
do not underestimate them on the level
of
what they intend to do and what they
would do
if they ever got the the logistical
capability or the raw
power um walking back
from the authoritarianism abyss
that we're at right now is very very
important it is
critical and part of that is recognizing
that yes it can happen here
today people tried was it an organized
attempt
was it something that could
realistically succeed no but they didn't
know that
i don't think that they they knew that i
truly believed that they
they thought they were going to show up
take that building
and then tr trump and and all of these
mythical figures that exist in these
theories
we're going to swoop out from you know
behind the shadows and bring them
reinforcements or something
just because their beliefs
aren't grounded in reality doesn't mean
that wasn't their intent
it doesn't mean that they're not capable
of causing great harm
today we got off lucky in the sense of
what they might have been able to do and
it was still
somebody lost their life from what i'm
reading in the comments
that's that's tragedy
how much overlap do i see between this
and charlottesville
as far as players probably going to be
some
i don't know um but i i would be
surprised if there wasn't at least some
overlap
uh long play central
that's going to be up for a court to
decide um
yeah who would have thought that pence
was going to end
the day looking like the sensible leader
right
yeah there have been a couple of moments
that show you how far this has gone
when one day giuliani is the voice of
reason and then it's pence and then
everybody's like
well maybe mcconnell's not so bad that
shows you how far it's gone no mcconnell
is that bad don't forget that
you know the enemy of my enemy is not my
friend they're just somebody i'm
gonna avoid for the moment um
make no mistake mcconnell is very much
an authoritarian
just not to the same extreme if he had
the same
following that trump does i don't know
if he wouldn't behave in the exact same
manner
um
chances of trump skipping town
before the inauguration i would say hi i
wouldn't
um you know there are a lot of people
speculating about
how different groups are going to read
this and how they're going to react to
it
some may be emboldened by it hey look at
what we did for
a few seconds some may feel
betrayed by it because they they threw
themselves
into the grinder and then no support
came
in fact they had just gotten started
when trump was like oh no no i didn't
really mean for you to do it i just
wanted you to
continue to send me money i mean that's
not what he said
obviously but i mean that's hopefully
they will start to see
what's happening and how he's played
them
um
is labeling this as insurrection
increasing the risk of
trump invoking the insurrection act no
there's a lot of things that have to
take place
um a single act isn't going to be enough
i mean i want to say that one of the
requirements is that the courts
stop functioning um that's not occurring
and there's the infrastructure of the
united states is such that that's
incredibly unlikely
um i i don't if anything
i think that this may serve to uh
to calm trump at least and not in
the way he thinks or his attitudes but
he may take a step back
and not be in the limelight as much
because i would hope that
the joint chiefs maybe the white house
counsel
explained to him the situation he is
putting himself in
a wannabe dictator falsely claims an
attack on democracy in order to incite
and then overthrow it predictable
behavior yeah
i mean we've we've seen this before i've
seen this movie
um
shouldn't the fbi have been more on top
of this
i want to
caution people about expecting too much
from
law enforcement being able to preempt
crime because what you're asking for
when when you suggest that is a
surveillance state
you're asking the fbi to watch everybody
um
i know at times like this it seems
reassuring
but imagine if someone like trump takes
power
and they have law enforcement that has
already identified all dissidents
um i i it's one of those things where
you have to decide where you want to be
in a free society
and i mean i am i'm okay
with the risk when it comes to when it
comes to maintaining actual freedom
um i would
i would like to think that the
leadership of some of these groups
has already been tagged because they
have committed crimes in the past
and i am curious as to how that fell
through
but i mean
uh well i'm sure we'll find out the this
isn't going to just go away it's that
people aren't going to forget about this
there's going to be investigations
there's going to be a lot of discussion
over this
i would suggest probably for years
in some circles because they're going to
be people hot washing the security
on this um
it's a white right wing that is invaded
uh yeah i mean i would say that it's
domestic terrorism
i i would i would put that love that
label on it
um
they need to stop the challenges in
court yeah
there's a whole lot that needs to be
done to walk back some of this rhetoric
um
so i don't think they intended
yeah talked about that
okay i am hoping that uh
everybody's kind of relaxed one of the
things that was proven today
beyond a doubt is that the military
is not going to roll with trump
it's not going to happen if they were
going to it would have occurred today
because they could have gone out and
under the pretense of dealing with this
locked everything down kept it locked
down and
captured what would be in this case the
opposition
command and control that would be the
house and the senate
um that didn't happen that that didn't
happen and this would have been the time
for that to occur
um so if you want
if you want something to kind of set
your mind at ease
even with the military actually
engaging in martial law in the united
states
even with the u.s military on your side
is difficult because of the size and
population of the united states
even our military doesn't really have
the numbers to occupy the u.s
but we now know that even the military
isn't going to support
it this so i would hope that that can
help set your mind at ease
and i think it's important to kind of
relax on this one um
not forget about it just understand that
the intent of what was going to happen
to some which was to take over
it's not realistic they they do not have
the support that they need they don't
have the logistical capabilities they
need
they don't have the numbers that doesn't
mean that they're not
a threat it just means that their actual
goal isn't something that they can
accomplish
um that would be the key takeaway here
that i think might be a calming
influence on everything
and it would be something that i would
remind people of
when they talk about oh well we're gonna
do this
yeah you know you took them you took the
capital and
the military was just like yeah you need
to leave
the idea that they're going to back him
up isn't
it has now been put out as as false
beemer but they were armed to the teeth
for the blm protest how do we explain
that
racism i mean that i mean
i think sometimes people ask these
questions just
just to hear it because they know they
know the answer
they know what it is they know why it
occurs this way
um but they want it said and they want
it acknowledged yeah
that's exactly what it was i think you
know the other thing has to do
with it being at the capitol in the
optics i don't think that was as big of
a
as big of a reason as they didn't expect
white folk to behave like this that's
really kind of what it boils down to
and if you want to call that anything
other than racism i don't i don't know
what you would call
it what's the soonest that you think
we're not going get seated
when does this mcconnell lose position
um when does that happen
i'm gonna have to look i actually don't
know the timeline on that
um but yeah mcconnell is out
that's so there's there's that
i mean that's a happy thing should cruz
quit yeah
i mean and especially because of today
why are you not focused on what trump
will do next the people today
doesn't he does have control of
the nukes the uh
there are a lot of failsafes there are a
lot of safeguards
what today proved is that the military
is not with him
the president has a lot of
uh hurdles that he has to jump
to jump through to use strategic weapons
um
use nukes and uh that's
i that's not i don't see that as as
something that's
gonna happen um i'm not focused on what
trump is going to do next because he's
kind of lost all influence um within the
government
he still has his base supporters but
within the government i think he's kind
of done
have you already addressed how trump
supporters are claiming
these weren't real trump supporters yeah
they were
when when the arrests start to happen
um and we get the information on them
we'll see the social media we'll see who
they are
this is just deflection um
is it wrong to enjoy authoritarians and
red hats fighting
authoritarians in blue uniforms no
no it's not um there's i mean
it's not good for the country but i i do
understand it's kind of like the gallows
humor on twitter
i mean you're gonna have to get through
it somehow
um given the events of today how
probable would a takeover be
with more developed and strategic
players um i'm actually surprised by the
resiliency
that our institutions have shown the
subverting a democracy is historically
very easy the united states does it all
the time to other countries
and it normally doesn't take a lot of
money and doesn't take a lot of people
i i'm i'm pleasantly surprised by the
resiliency of the system
of the institutions designed to stop it
that doesn't mean you can lower your
guard and yes i think it is
more probable that more serious players
more strategic thinking people
will be able to get far or further not
just
because of what trump demonstrated
is possible but because they can learn
from his mistakes
um and i think that's a real risk
if you guys watch the videos i don't
have to tell you that you know that i've
i've talked about the next trump that's
more of a danger and we have to get
prepared for that
um so
i i don't
i don't know that it's likely but i
think it's something that
we definitely need to take seriously
because if we don't take it seriously
then it becomes likely
every time i'm confused and or panicked
you bring me needed clarity
that's that's actually high praise i
i really appreciate comments like that
uh thank you joshua my mom is concerned
about what's gonna happen on january
20th
yeah i mean i think there's a reason to
be concerned um
i would hope that security services
are stepping up their game they got a
black eye today
um i would hope that they really
they really step things up because
if this doesn't have the effect of
demonstrating to his core base that he
doesn't care about them
they're going to be even more fervent
in their support of him come the
inauguration
[Music]
what do you think of republicans who
incited this distancing themselves from
the events
is there any chance they will be held
accountable we have to hold them
accountable
i do not think that we should allow them
to distance themselves
they own this they created this
[Music]
um
let's see
do you think they should go after you
know
alex jones
for his role in the pre-release what
happened today um
i don't know i don't know exactly what
he did um
i as far as what was leading up to this
i only caught bits and pieces because i
was still i stayed up late recording and
then i
was like having my coffee and hanging
out wasn't paying attention and then
you know it it popped off so i don't
have a clear picture on anything
prior to hey we're going to take the
capitol
um so i would have to go back and look
what will it take to achieve a super
majority
of democratic uh nine more in the senate
i think
maybe ten more
okay
hi bo is the south changing
or is this every southerner loves the
confederacy stereotype true
i'm from canada the south is changing
drastically
quickly um you know georgia
i i hope everybody because i wanted to
do a video on and haven't been able to
warnock's win in georgia historic
historic win a black senator from
georgia that's
amazing um and
georgia is one of those states that has
come a long way
recently when they tried to do their
little racist gathering there they got
chased out by
locals in georgia mississippi
voted to remove confederate imagery from
their flag
the south is changing it's it's slowly
changing
but it's but it's changing
um as
the older population ages out of voting
you're going to see more and more
drastic changes
the south is historically very
conservative and very slow
i mean listen to how i talk it's
everything about the south moves at a
slower pace
but i there is change and people my age
and younger
do not most i would say a majority
do not look at the confederate flag and
say oh yay
you're like really
it's it's it it is changing i have some
videos on this
and i'll put out there again um
forgive the sentence structure question
was edited multiple times
then it was so over it sent it without
reading it first i think i missed
something somewhere
uh thoughts on articles of impeachment
being drafted today
yeah i mean it's not like they're not
warranted
i just don't know that they're gonna get
pushed through fast enough don't get me
wrong by what i said earlier
it's not like i'm opposed to trump being
impeached
i just don't know that they're gonna be
able to move quickly enough to get it
through
um not not a not that i don't think he
deserves it
just that i don't uh i don't believe
it's a good use of time
because i don't think they'll get it
through fast enough
why do you think the rhetoric on parlor
leading up to this was
ignored i think that there are a lot of
people
doing assessments that have heard
right wing talk for so long
that they don't they don't believe that
it's going to happen
um and that they're underestimating
the the initiative which should be the
metric they're using
to gauge some of these people there are
a lot of high initiative peoples people
that are very willing to act
and very ready to act in right-wing
circles now
um and i think that our
domestic um
our groups that are designed to counter
that domestically
i think they're underestimating the
amount of initiatives some of these
people have
as much as i like to poke fun at their
logistical abilities do not
underestimate their intent
or whether or not they're dangerous they
are
and i there that's something that if you
if you are doing that
understand there are some professionals
doing that on a daily basis
so
okay
how do we truly remove mcconnell from
congress
he will lose i have no idea that's up to
the people of kentucky
but his power got drastically limited
today
so
yeah that's a way to look at it as far
as georgia an awesome black preacher and
a nice jewish boy won georgia senate
seats
that's not a sentence you would have
expected 15 years ago
there's definitely changes uh that are
coming and
in the south they're they're mostly good
changes
like they are changes that we've wanted
to see for a long time that are finally
starting to take root
um
folks are requesting captions be turned
on so after this
goes through um youtube captions it
basically it can't keep up um
so thank you jeanette thank you sandy
okay so i'm sure there's already like a
backlog of like a hundred questions that
i'm gonna have to go through in the next
video
um and i want to get some sleep at some
point tonight and i know
now i have to watch uh what's going on
on
on capitol hill so we're going to kind
of wind this down
please please remain
calm today
it was unnerving it was frightening on
some levels
the intent of subverting democracy
through force
it isn't gonna happen um not
not in the manner that they're they're
attempting to do where they're gonna
take a facility and hold it
they do not have the support they need
they do not have the logistics they need
the military is not going to play ball
these are things
that we've said and it's nice to hear it
on a
you know on a reassuring level today it
was proven
today was proven today would have been
the day
um so i think people need to take solace
in that
and kind of relax but understand it's
not over
it's going to be a bumpy ride i do think
that there's going to be sporadic
violence from some of these people
um and i think that would extend beyond
the inauguration at some points
so we have to see how this all plays out
there's still a lot of questions
that are uh pretty pertinent
but the
the main thing that people were worried
about was whether or not a
coup was going to be successful under
trump
that was demonstrated today the joint
chiefs
it's not that they won't support they
don't even like him apparently
so it seems unlikely that they're going
to
put their names and fortunes on the line
for him
so i
thank all of y'all for tuning in i hope
that helped ease tensions let's go back
and see what happens in acts
two hopefully we end with uh
the electoral count being done and
biden and harris being announced
anyway should i move south absolutely
anyway it's just a thought y'all uh
y'all have a good day